who the airmen of american airlines
sees the fall of one immediately on the
new design that is a major part of the fleet
since January, the modern lux wears
as a sign for the departure because
founded in 1926
airline is on
modernization course and that concerns
all areas of the company
there is once the customer service on the
Let's focus on different ones
programs especially at the moment we
train a lot of new flight attendants
So for many years we introduce
right now four to five thousand new ones
flight attendants one we specifically
school and they also speak
various
they spoke international
countries and that's what we're trying to do
an american airline
more and more a global airline
close
In terms of globality, the airline can
Headquartered in texas now
points
It flies to 260 destinations in 50
countries
frankfurt has been owned since 1985
the aim from here it comes
Once a day after the is america
airlines owns together with their
subsidiary american eagle almost
900 airmen more 500 were determined
who on board one of the new 777 300s
comes that may be very special
happy if the economy would be great too
We have to mention in the first part
the cabin 30 so-called maine kevin
extra seats
they have an extended seating distance
and more
bridge venus angle so there you can
you just have more legroom
So very popular places in the troupe
7 300 and from the entertainment we offer
Over 100 over 250 channels at where they
movies can choose
They have 350 radioprograms and 180
more entertainment than it is
for a lot of entertainment on board
so no problem with one
definitely not boring on a nine
up to ten hours flight to dallas
it is comfortable thanks to the premium seats in
the economy class and those who spend more
I also like the business or can
first class with all theirs
Amenities Choose Delicious Dining
and drinks are in all classes
1 is being served in the new
aviators clearly benefit the passengers
through the modernization course of
airline around 100 million passengers
transports the airline pro
year and maybe they belong too
soon